Feeling down, depressed or suicidal Submissions are anonymous and we will always post them. It will get better, and below are a couple of ways to get helpa Spend time talk to friends  family especially if you feel unsafe b College peer support, welfare, deans c Contacting Oxford students Disability Community, who run Facebook support groups for Oxford students dealing with depression  anxiety, bipolar, eating disorders, and ADHD...I have never read through anything more dull than Camfess.That being said Oxfess isnt really any better. Why are we so vanilla.Oxford Colleges as Premier League sides that are yet to draw 201819Balliol College Tottenham ...Does anyone want to invite me to their new years plansAfter year abroad and michaelmas it had been well over a year since Id taken a shit in my own family home. Id forgotten what triple ply toilet paper felt like. My abused and impoverished arsehole has been coddled and kissed. Ive never felt more tory than when I realised my cheeks had craved the silky delight of middle class toilet paper. My hole is a class traitor. Im ashamed.Oxford colleges as the best Star Wars Characters that didnt ruin the series at allBalliol  Rose Tico ...Best US presidents since 1933 1. Franklin D Roosevelt New Deal, WW2 2. Bill Clinton economic achievement, if not the classiest of men...Finders Keepers is hands down the best tune of this decade. But it also reminds me of my hoe phase in the blue and icy setting of an Oxford winter. The delicate hollowness of the song is actually so aestheticOxford Colleges as Premier LeagueChampionship football teamsBalliol  Leicester City...Paedophilia is disgusting, yes, but people who are, by no choice of their own, attracted to children should be able to confidentially get help. ...Here is my plan to deal with football. It is frankly appalling that the likes of Messi and Ronaldo earn such offensively high sums 111m and 108m respectively. In Britain, we have austerity starving children, nurses and foodbank workers struggling to scrape together their meals, overcrowded classrooms, extortionate transport fares, deprived inner cities. We have people, doctors, nurses, teachers, builders, public sector workers, doing such vital work and taki...Oxford Colleges as places in East DorsetAll Souls VIP at Toast why would you even botherSorry guys. My ranking of postwar PMs missed out Clement Attlee. He comes in joint 2nd place with Blair. Dont forget that the NHS was Bevans achievement, and the pound went pearshaped in 1949, almost bringing down the government.Oxford colleges as Hamilton songsBalliol  What Comes Next...Best place to get a new black tie suit in oxford Oxford undergraduate colleges as John Mayer SongsAll Souls  If I Ever Get Around To Living...To MH  the oldest collegeThe fact that youre so many Miles away makes be HessiontericalOfficial top 3 colleges of all time Christ Church King Henry VIII College...People get triggered by tabloids making silly jokes abt Corbyn but they call anyone a fascist if someone suggests that its a bit disrespectful to literally chant the bitch is dead the moment Thatcher died Show some fucking decencyfactsThe REAL list of best post war UK prime ministers 1. Clement Attlee 2. Clement Attlee...Why does Durham pretend like its relevant Its just full of jumped up white rugby lads whose daddies couldnt get them into Oxbridge and white girls whose only personality trait is that they own horses...white kids need to start asking themselves am i cool or is my dad just rich a lot of you are about to be disappointedForcing a relationship is doomed to fail. The lasting relationships are the ones which begin because two people fall in love. They are the ones which overcome any hurdle and endure the years. If a guygirl seems uninterested in you, why force getting together when they could act exactly the same in a relationship Girls, dont assume guys are always gagging for sex. Were not, and some of us are very picky about these things. If it doesnt seem real, drop it.trust meI fucking hate festivities. Not only do all the shops shut because everyone travels at the same time it creates a rush on the road and in the air. This will not only make it even less efficient and also create an excellent opportunity for terrorists. I wonder why the police dont disperse the New Years Eve mob its not safe and theyre fucking loud. Im not saying people shouldnt have holidays, but they should be staggered, after all thats what paid leave is r...Oxford colleges as lists of Oxford collegesBalliol Oxford colleges as London boroughs...Is there a double standard when it comes to sex toys No one bats an eyelid at female toys but everyone thinks male ones are perverse. Whats so wrong with wanting a Kimmy Granger fleshlight for ChristmasIf you cant commit to a relationship, dont start one. Why do you feel the need to set a time limit on a relationship Just enjoy it. If it feels wrong, accept defeat. But if youre happy, why destroy itMy dear international ladies and fellas, who we kidding its 20gayteen, if he1. Is a bit problematic but everyone loves him anyway...Im so extremely insecure socially. Im quite confident academically and in myself and my own abilities, but I just cant believe that anyone actually likes me in any way. As I write this Im thinking that its stupid to say because its obviously true and no one actually likes me and the only reason anyone messagestalkshangs out with me is because they feel obliged to. Its to the point that whenever anyone messages me, Im constantly wondering why theyre doi...Oxford colleges as Macdonald menu items Balliol College Big Mac ...Flexing that you go to Oxford is like revving an expensive car engine. You think youre the shit but in reality everyone else just thinks youre an asshole. Tbh I dont really give a fuck.Love fromtag someone whos dripping in privilegehi, im a visiting student at oxford this year coming from the US and just want to say, while i have been fortunate enough to have had a positive experience here so far, the oxford obsession with BNOCs is truly bizarre and to be honest a bit embarrassing. id never heard of the term prior coming to oxford, and many of the visiting students this year  our friends at are home schools are making fun of oxford students for this. just be kind  supportive of each other, christ, its not that hardIf she has a low libido can I dump herOxford undergraduate colleges as iconic places in Croydon, which is definitely in London apparently from Purley and COulsdon who are bitter that they arent Surrey anymoreBalliol  Boxpark, fucking hipsters...Are we allowed to switch collegesAs a nonEU migrant, EU citizens getting triggered by having to pay 65 registration fee to get permanent residency is a peakI hate that weve stopped speaking... Pls say something I just want us to talk like we used toOof should be pronounced oeuf, dont  meoxford undergrad colleges as members of the 10th Politburo of the CPCBalliol College  Wei Guoqing ...Definitive ranking of Mahler symphonies Das Lied von der Erde 10...I dont say things because I think them I say things in order to no longer think themhas anyone actually started revising for collections yet Oxford undergraduate colleges as places in CambridgeBalliol  Leisure...On the offchance this could be who I think, you may have let me down but were now all the stronger for it  I6 months since graduating and Boom One by one every Christian friend I know is either engaged or getting married Then theres my athiest ass, knew my better half since Freshers week, 3 years through thick and thin... only to graduate, move on to different cities, break up and stare into the void. Maybe this God stuff is the glue that binds relationships. Then again, if I couldnt lay hands on someone I loved for 3 years Id be Santas sack the day before Christmas.Economics and Management is the most relevant and challenging degree Oxford has to offer m.Tag your warrior kings and queensI caught that guy Joe giving a blowjob at the back of a lecture a few weeks ago....Hi, im a mertonian. I dont go to clubs or anything, full stop. But that doesnt mean its the same for everyone at Merton. On the flip side, fun for lots of people doesnt involve clubbing. So when you say where fun goes to die what you really mean is where quite a lot of people can have fun without getting plastered in a club. For me, clubs are where fun go to die.is it too late to rusticate at this point in my final year lolHow you can continually fuck me around and keep me interested while you casually get back with your home girlfriend and still sleep at night is beyond me. I wish wed never met.At Oxford, the Northerners are way more attractive than the Southerners. Whilst the Southerners are stuffing their faces with port and pheasant, the Northerners are hard at it in the gym. Whilst the Southern girls are busy paying for the cloakroom in a club, the Northern girls dont bother taking one, out of fear of it clashing with their outfits theyre used to the cold anyway. The Northerners take their time to look nice, whilst the Southerners slap on a big old puffer coat, pair of jeans that dont fit them properly, and nike airs and think they look great. They look neither great or indie, they look like figureless morons.My heart aches for a Hassans. Never have 6 weeks felt so very longit is most definitely a mortal sin to look at even one anime boobOFFICIAL Oxford Colleges as places in the North WestAll Souls College  Alderley Edge...Just want a South London beauty. Tag her so she can find the boi of her dreams...I wish there was a posh filter on GrindrTinderThe OFFICIAL FACTUAL ranking of Kanyes albumsThis is pure evil and what you wrote is disgusting. Paedophiles deserve no sympathy, only bullets to the back of the head. You wrote there is no harm in animations or cartoons that sexualise children, feel ashamed. If you see nothing wrong with sexualising children, the vilest crime imaginable, then perhaps your soul is as dark and void as those you sympathise with.Is it too late to make new friends in HT sincerely, a concerned fresherOfficial ranking of North West London postcodes NW1 NW3...Stop with the Merton bashing pLEase. Its not even accurate and says a lot about your own insecurities and life choicesWhats the deal with ghostingTo be brutally honest, if you can afford two holidays abroad every year youre not financially challenged.please tell me Im not the only one who hasnt started work for collections yet...Feeling sad and out of it again. Really just want to be alone for a couple of weeks. Listen to my body, go on walks, stop using social media and forget stupid problems that feel like a huge deal. Work and sleep and get back on track.I went to one of those leafy be it day private schools where Hunter boots and Land Rovers were aplenty and I used to think I was the poor kid. Coming to Oxford made me realise that Im probably uppermiddle or above. Surprisingly tho it actually added to my sense of urgency to get a well paid grad job and grind my first few decades away, just because I now know where I can end up otherwise, in those shitty inner city tower blocks from which my kids will have to fight every step of their way to escape. People often criticise parents for sending them to good schools be it private or state but when the alternative is so shit how can anyone who loves hisher kids not do their best for them if you have the means to do soHow fastfit do you have to be to join the cycling club And what kind of rides happen each weekOxford Colleges as MusicalsBalliol  School of Rock...I wank like 510 times a day, is that normalNeed to shop at Waitrose but Botley is so fucking far. Cant we have one in central Oxforddreading moving back to main...Let me get something straight. Mamma Mia The Movie is not Abba. It is a film using the songs of Abba. Abbas discography extends miles beyond the Mamma Mia soundtrack. It includes hidden gems and littleknown masterpieces. LIKE if youve heard of Name of the Game HEART if Name of the Game  Eagle...Anyone know if students can get the official University lanyard from anywhere xxxAre there any anime societies Ok, Ill bite. Whats a collectionOxford colleges as the best cities in the NorthAll Souls  Leeds ...Official List of Oxford Colleges as Berlin Night ClubsAll Souls Berghain...like this if youd come to a beatles themed club night in oxWANTED GirlfriendREQUIREMENTS literally none Im very lonely and I dont gave much to offer I promise Ill treat you right its just Im very lonely and I ache with lust please help I have a loving heart pleImagine spending nye at feverWhat I want for ChristmasWhich college has the most procrastinators Vote which college are you in httpsstrawpoll.com7c3cyedaOr maybe, sweetie, they are trying to make new friends because their old ones are so stuck up and jealous that they feel the need to post super passiveaggressive posts about their friends social lives on an anonymous page xBest post war UK prime ministers 1. Margaret Thatcher economic transformation, strong Govt but hated gays 2. Tony Blair same as thatcher without the gays...Unpopular but true opinion Affirmative Action is, at least indirectly, racist towards AsianAmericansif i ask somebody to come to my college ball and make them pay for their ticket will i be obligated to go to their ball and pay for my own ticketThen dont do any. Unless you have specific essaysdeadlines to meet. Work in 0th and 1st week if you must. Nobody is saying you have to work through the vac. Definitely not on 28 Dec, which is still Christmas in my books.Definitive ranking of Black mirror episodes in honour of Bandersnatch 19Arkangel 610 18  17The Waldo momentNational anthem 6.510...I would really appreciate it if Facebook could introduce an are you sure you want to call Jennys mum  button before initiating a video call. The amount of god damn misstaps I make on that Facebook call button is unreal. Even worse it leaves a frikin missed call notification just to ensure I look like a next level creap for trying to call my exgirlfriend at 2 oclock in the morning. I honestly bet there are more misstaps than actual damn calls. Sort it out Facebook why is breaking up with people so hard why cant guys spontaneously get interested in other people right when you need them to so you wouldnt have to do the hard work of making them sadFailing my degree and havent been invited to gav... why am I even hereUnpopular opinion Black Panther and Crazy Rich Asians are average movies that only received the attention they got because of their push for diversity, which shows that corporations are only using the diversity card as a money printing machine.Oxford Colleges as Keyboard SymbolsAll Souls ...When you really wanna see the BTS concert film in ox but you got no friends into Kpop cWatford  OxfordLadies, if he makes you pay for all your meals in advance, regardless of whether you actually attend or not...Accept this as truce Oxonians  a tabIm a nice guy on the surface and everyone thinks Im lovely but under the surface I love secretly ruining peoples lives and they dont even know its me. I have posted oxfesses in the past that hurt some people and I consoled them about it and they had no idea it was actually me that sent it HAHAHAHA. Im a medical student by the way. People are so stupid and predictable, I love playing games with them.For a lot of people, clubbing is about dancing the night away.For some, its about pulling and hooking up.Definitely written by a durham studentBig up Daily formals are one of the most flawed things about the Oxford system. They normalise pomp and reinforce notions of Oxford as posh and elitist to perplexed onlookers. Having, perhaps, weekly formals would make them more of an event to bring together the college community  considering most unis have them about 3 times a year, it would still be pretty good going. They are pretty overrated things and a bit of a waste of time. I feel sorry for the kitchen staff doing it every single night.Oxford Colleges as Pop Punk bandsAll Souls  All Time Low ...Official Oxford colleges as Chinese provincesAll Souls College  Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region...is it too late to rusticate  a poem, anon 2k18When is peters gonna get a move on with the puffer jackets Even lmh have them and were all still shivering in sweatshirtsI thought we were good, I thought we were in love, I thought one day wed get married. I never thought youd leave me like this, I love you so much, Im praying to wake up from this nightmare and be back in your arms.How people take their tea pollLike for white with sugar...Oxford undergraduate colleges as towns in Surrey which I honestly cant believe hasnt already been done.Balliol  Egham...I dont like receiving gifts because it imposes an implicit burden to reciprocate in kind. Much better, in my view, to refrain from gift exchanges and call it even. Presents are a slippery slope to Stalinist bureaucracy, but somehow Im the sociopath for wanting to avoid this outcome. Families truly are a real shackle on my freedom..Look, I get it, when paedophiles abuse children, it is horrible and should be severely punished. But paedophilia should also be seen by the public and the authorities as a mental illness, and there are many paedophiles, infantophiles, hebephiles and ephebophiles who dont abuse children but are too scared to seek mental health treatment and support for it  these people should be sympathised with it and should be encouraged to seek support and should not be vilif...rise up my befurren brethren, our time is now the age of fur is upon usfind the bastard who changed it backOxford colleges as Tracy Beaker charactersBalliol College Laila...I think there is more between us but Im afraid of commitment and I already let you down onceSS, you broke my heart.Sick and tired of appalling tabloid treatment of the Duchess of Sussex. Its rude and unhelpful. So what if she and Kate arent BFFs Just leave the poor woman alone. Just 7 months into her royal apprenticeship, she has more grace and class than any tabloid editor ever will.During a recent trip to St Annes, I was delighted when a porter came over and gave me a bottle of champagne.This is from the Master  he hopes you enjoy our humble college, she explained.can anyone recommend somewhere affordable in oxford to get a suit alteredOxford colleges as Riverdale charactersBalliol  Kevin Keller...Oxford has been ruined Gone are the days where this university was the playground for the welloff, cultured and elite. Why is it that those who can and choose to live a carefree life of debauchery and extravagance at uni before the grind of work are the ones criticised and punished Another great British institution ruined by the radical leftwingAre signups for the cherwell blind dates still openWanted friend, wont murder me optionalNo further requirementsOxford colleges as places in South Manchester  CheshireBalliol  Marple ...How do I stop my friends from making fun of me for dating someone not from oxbridge As a northerner can we stop pretending the north is better, it really really is not. We have to concede that the south is better, the people are better looking and everything is just so much nicer Plus the people dont spend all their time telling everyone where theyre from and making out as if theyre hard or tough because of where they come fromRachel Riley is so fit. Like if you agree.Oxford Colleges as women historical figures you havent come across for a while or ever because they were somewhat neglected and shouldnt have beenAll Souls  Hypatia...Ive just been through something similar to this and fully agree its far more frustrating and hurtful not knowing, and I dont know why people think its acceptable to be so dishonest.Ranking Kanye albums from worst to best DISCLAIMER all 10 of these albums are great 10. 808s and Heartbreaks 9. Yeezus...Has anyone else noticed how plush is getting less and less inclusive as time goes onLike when they blocked lgbt socs disabilities rep was a real eyeopener for me and its so sad. Maybe moving to the union is a good thing, maybe theyre more similar than we thinkPrerequisite I only date people the same sex as me.Kudos to whoever called out fake Abba fans. Some of their best tracks are The Winner Takes it All, When All is Said and Done, When i Kissed the teacher, As Good as New, Eagle. Well done, youve seen Mamma Mia with Meryl in it. So has everyone. Explore their discography and then call yourself a fan Have you ever met someone from Merton at Bridgeanyone else addicted to porn....uhhh why havent you followed me back on Instagram, bitchCould this break last any longer All I want is to jerk off without worrying about my mom walking in on me.I think I need help, I unironically enjoy the song megalovania but beats 2 and 4 are swappedUnpredictability is overrated in relationships. It may be exciting but its superficial and that shit messes with your head. Realise theres such a deep happiness you can get from someone you just connect and vibe with. Stop being immature.All Souls  hit Balliol  or Brasenose  miss...Is it not still quite early to be revising for collectionsYou know your miss Oxford when you are using Google Earth to try to relive moments.Guys, it hasnt snowed in Oxford this year. If you want a new profile picture with a snowy aesthetic, youre really going to have to think about your actions that contribute to climate change.I swear a girl could post a profile picture of her sneezing and it would have 200 likes within 5 hours  how do you do it, and how come it doesnt work for guysThe only reason I want a boyfriend is so someone will validate my excellent nudesI am a first year. Ive used a fake name so that noone knows that my dad is a Viscount. Thats right  Ill be a viscount some day.Why is Green Templeton College rarely mentioned on this feed GTC definitely has the best food, prettiest gardens, and hottest girls I have seen at Oxford Ladies if he Never says anything interesting Has started to really annoy you...Does anyone know if there is a musical theatre society at Oxford Ive looked but have only really found music groups etc and wondered where all the musicals were atHo ho ho.Official Oxford Colleges as Towns in HertfordshireBalliol Rickmansworth ...If youve already started revision for collections I can tell you that you are officially a loser. Congratulations.I have achieved no higher than 55 in a collection, average probably in the high 40s, yet I have a achieved a 1st in both my first and second years  coming inside the top 30 both times.A lecture is like Dora the Explorer. The lecturer asks a question, stares blankly for a few second, then answer hishertheir own question.Do Brooks students use thisI dislike Great British Bake Off because its too politically correct. It causes us to misperceive ethnic minorities.If youre spending most of your night out with people you barely know and not your friends, get over yourself. Your obsession with becoming a BNOC is showing and its a little embarrassing sweetie xI just got nostalgia from a memeI think my narcissism may have made me bi. Is this normalWANTED Boyfriend, must be femaleNo further requirements xxAs an international student I really dont understand why you all hate people who went to private school so much. Its not their fault that their parents had the financial means to give their kids the best education possible. Just quit bitching and calling private school kids twats and unfaithful because it really shows your jealousy.Oxford Colleges as Consulting FirmsBalliol College EYParthenon ...Damn Ive really got finals in a couple months and have spent the whole vac playing football manager. It do be like that sometimes I guess Tag your favourite UNIV BNOC so I know who to socialise with next termThey cant see us if we dont moveList of Oxford colleges as Beatles SongsBalliol College  Hey Jude...do u even love me or do you just love my bodyThought why cant term be a month shorter Would remove the need for freshers to make fake friends, and separate the deserving from the undeserving. In fact, why dont we just take Finals as soon as we get here In n out with a degree in less than a week. Straight into the Magic Circle at the age of 18 with 1st Class Hons Oxon.desperate medic fresher here. have gone through all of Simon Newsteads lectures and I still cant tell you want a neuraminidase is.How much on average do people spend per term Im not sure if Im spending too much or Ive just underestimated the cost of living in OxfordThe only true Christmas film and true film generally is undoubtedly The RoomI hate it when were facetiming and youre scrolling through facebook, am I not enoughA D. Cant even get over how arrogant you are, can you see anyone from down thereAn uncultured peasant I see two housesMe, an intellectual I see two hiceOxford Colleges as Actual Proper DJsAll Souls  Underground Resistance ...let people have fun, theyre grown adults. snitches get stitches me going to oxford  ...This terms ISIS seems like its gonna be so pretentious even by their standardsAnd finally, Undergraduate Oxford Colleges as Lady Gaga songsBalliol  The Fame...Not to be dramatic or anything but Id actually rather die than do vac workI copy posts from Durfess because theyre the only fess page with good content.If Cambridge University is so good, why isnt it even the best uni in CambridgeList of Oxford colleges as colleges in OxfordAll Souls  All Souls...can everyone going to gav please get tested thanksOxford colleges as milksAll Souls  Almond milk ...Official ranking of Irish counties32 you ...How about those doing psychology and law We have prelims HT, should we be taking this vac seriously like those who have TH exams take easter vac seriouslytldr Im annoyed that there are loads of actual British people at a British universityAs a finalist who has joking aside done basically no work until now, is it feasible to get a 2 1 or am I doomed V heard you had fun in the Union oIm so fat at the moment, and my life is in such a shithole that Im considering pretending to be pregnant so it looks like I have an excuse, and then I can qlso use that as a valid reason to rusticate so maybe Ill have a chance to get on with my studies so I wont fail my degreeTag your favourite straight male friend who is inexplicably into feminist philosophy  white female friend who is ostentatiously woke about race politics.Oxford Colleges and PPHs as members of Queens Park Rangers 20122013 Premiership relegation squad under Harry RedknappAll Souls Nedum Onuoha ...If you cant even wish me a merry xmas, grow upHow can you mark Chigwell and Romford as roadman but not Newham or Peckham. The socalled roadmen in your areas drink WKD on bmxs outside Chicken Cottage and wank to Meghan from Love Island.Do you need a gym induction to start using college gym in January Just want to keep thin and get a better chest.In response to the Oxfess claiming that international students get an unfair advantage, um if anything they have harder time getting in, otherwise there wont be any white people doing STEM subjectsSaw a post on Facebook about how someone donated 16,000 to give direct for Christmas. Seriously impressive stuff, but was wondering how the hell people have savings that large at 24 Is that normal I feel like Im never going to have that much money to spare in my lifeIm in the north. It is such a grim and grey placeIs it just me or are tutorials actually completely uselessI want to get into modelling. Anyone know any places in Oxford searching Im over 6ft, dark skin and hair, thin build with pecs.As a side note, I want to point out that this strongman is lifting the worlds largest potato and I think thats beautiful.Unpopular opinions Brooklyn 99 is shiteThought why cant term be a week longer Would remove the need for freshers to be set work in freshers week, and take the pressure off hugely throughout term. Start term around 8 October, finish around 9 December.Oxford Colleges as The Office US charactersAll Souls  Angela Martin...Im at Merton. If doing the bare minimum and being given an Excellent at the end of term is being a workaholic then yes bitches I am a workaholic and proud of it Point is, just doing the work full stop is not workaholism. Its doing the bare minimum expected of you. If you cant do that, should you even be here Stop picking on Merton please.Again with the constant moaning about collections. When will you freshers listen Arent you meant to be clever Trust me, its not worth ruining your vac for the sake of a mock exam. The system is stupid and everyone knows it. Worry about it at Easter, and definitely for prelims. If you would rather stay up all night looking at memes, do it. You need a bloody break from work XxxxControversial opinion formals are a bit shit Evidence one choice, if you dont like it then youre gonna be ordering a takeaway by 9.30...Im worried the fake tan Ive put on since getting home will make me look ridiculous in Oxford in Hilary, why cant Oxford just up its game and start tanning like the rest of the countryNeed someone to teach me how to be popular Tag your BNOC friendsOxlove to Arthur Morgan  Valentine. Never fail to make me laugh. God I wish sometimes youd ride me like you ride the horse I really dont understand why Asian countries have such barbaric habits to do with food They seem to eat cats, dogs, elephants, locusts, bats, deers and now whales. Im not really a vegetarian myself but smh just eat normal food and not intelligent animalsOxford colleges as places in ManchesterBalliol  Afflecks Palace...Wish life would just stop messing with my head either get better so I can enjoy this or get worse enough so that I can leave. Regardless, just drop this limbo bullshitA youre alright for a northerner, hmucan someone say some reassuring words about going on your year abroad in a relationship were already long distance but im worried it could get too much...thoughtsI am worried about some of the drug users at teddy. It appears to be so normalised to get high on some concoction of drugs to relieve stress, and it shouldnt be. Ive bumped into freshers who are high after a night out and some of them are so vulnerable and in terrible states that they cannot remember the next day. If I was to give a list of names of those I know are active drug users to the Dean, would they get into trouble At this point I feel like getting them into trouble would do them some good in the long term.I think there is something fundamentally wrong with the study of History  in Oxford and elsewhere. Dont get me wrong, I love history. I love names and dates, kings, queens, prime ministers and presidents, battles and wars, elections and coronations. But there are 2 glaring and dangerous problems with History as an academic discipline1. It doesnt know where to stop. History is vast, beautiful and incredible. Why then, should a leading numismatist historian o...Firstly, medical students have signed no agreements pertaining to behaviour outside of the medical school. Secondly, the BMA is a trade union and so is not responsible for registration of junior doctors. Thirdly, in the universitys medical handbook, it states that the misconduct of a medical student which requires firm action includes abuse of others, violence of the threat of violence, dishonesty, drug dealing or repeated intoxication. As such, there is no duty to report any drug use. There is also the question of what do you actually gain from reporting them Theyre not doctors yet, they currently have no responsibility to patients and dont have any clinical engagements. Theyre not hurting anyone so just let them have their fun whilst they still can.Can I please call out IC whos supposed to be revising for her collections but is really just looking at memes please help its the only way I can get through to hernever just New, always New COLLEGE get it right...Oxford Colleges as iconic EastEnders characters of this centuryAll Souls Dirty Den...The world in 5 yearsLEADERS...Imagine the disappointment of finding out someone you liked goes to a college like St AnnesOxford students stop being weirdos and comparing your colleges to weird thingsHow many colleges are there in Oxford Seven. Seven you sayBalliol...Oxford Colleges as NuWho episodesAll Souls  The Stolen Earth...to the guy who shits on New Vegas dudeOxford colleges as drag race queensAll Souls  Rebecca Glasscock...Theres loads of charities where you can have a chat to someone and then sometimes they can help refer you to someone with more expertise Try oxford mind or even calling the Samaritans Youve already done the hard bit by asking for helpOFFICIAL Oxford Colleges as People I like from OxfordBalliol ...My current UK general election predictions HUNG PARLIAMENT, LAB MINORITY GOVTCalling all state schoolers. As we know being disloyal in a relationship is as ingrained in private school culture as second homes and emotional suppression so I have taken it upon myself to compile a list of the worst offending establishments Boys Eton no surprises here...Oxford Colleges as Meat productsAll Souls  bacon ...Going into this new semester and new year with so many doubts about our relationship. This semester will be our make it or break it.GET TO POSTING New form by the way, confessions submitted recently on the old form will be moved overhttpsgoo.glformspUJWtmCtftAESwc53I go to school here but I have a secret proclivity for submitting confessions to other schools pages.I highkey have a TA crush on Daniel Grier  hes such a rare combination of intelligence, patience, and humor. Having dropped 6.046 once, I had little confidence about this class the second time round. Thanks to Daniel, I not only did well in the class, but also rebuilt selfconfidence. You are straight fire 3Rip whoever got an 11 on 046This finals week was supposed to be bad. But my friends are amazing. Random trips everywhere oops boba was too many of those to drunk shenanigans to just plain old chilling. And I even made a few new ones, too.This week, I remembered that I came to MIT for the people. While MIT is not a perfect place by any means and is often times literal hell, thank you all for the hanging out, the deep talks, the support, and the love. My life would not be the same without the people I have met here.Truly, IHTFP. Love you all I just had a 4 way toungesome with my friends.boi i was on ab cutoff for all my classes but then finals happened  my GPA is trash r i phi all im not here to make anyone feel bad but i just wanted to say i got straight As for the first time ever at MIT and im a junior, keep your head high and youll make it guys dont be discouraged and always shoot for the stars 3 you can do itI cant take being at home anymore. My mom just said that I deserved the abuse that Ive received in my life from other men, and that I should put up with it because they didnt intend to cause me harm. I am in a lot of pain. I have no one to talk to about this because I have distanced myself and isolated myself from everyone that I used to know due to going through a really emotionallydifficult time lately. Who can I talk to I dont want to call vpr. Are there any other resources on campus who I can callIs there some resource for finding out about classes other than course evals Evals are somewhat helpful, but Id rather actually talk to someone who has taken the class or read reviews on a class or something.Sincerely, a confused freshman who has no idea what classes to take next semesterANGERY REACC ON THIS POST TO BEAT HARVARD httpswww.facebook.com521057541416617posts925699954285705UNLV wins even though I was just messing w youIts our 9th match and were into the private schools. Harvard vs MIT. GET VOTINGTHE FIRST EVER ECMFFS COLLEGE ...Ladies if he  Can only understand a simplified version of the problem  Only considers one solution before jumping to a conclusion  Makes you say this may be art but its definutely not engineering  Can handle the business sideSaying .003 refers to neither 6.003 nor 2.003. It refers solely to 12.00318895 Its been about a week since you posted the story of the cheating fucker who you like and who claims he likes you but stays with his girlfriend.TLDR KEEP HIM BLOCKED. You go to MIT. Fucking MIT. You are smart and capable. You have an amazing future ahead of you. You dont need to waste your energy on people who dont respect you, who are too immature to keep their promises, and who are too cowardly and selfcentered to figure out their own emotional truth b...Is it just me or do you get back to your hometown after Christmas break and realize most of the people in the bestdown town are dead people walking Just feel like I look around and realize everyone is just around for no other purpose than to keep each other around themselves. Is this why religion is so important for societyAm I the only one that got dicked down by 6.006I KNEW PDH WAS GOING TO BE ON THE 5.07 FINAL. FUCK YEAH. Other than that, I got fucked.How you gonna make me wait for confessions to be posted when I already have to wait for grades to be posted. Not cool.I understand why people want representation in mass media, to feel like theyre represented. I just dont think Ill ever see anything on screen thats sectioned gossamerthin enough to truly feel like its representing me, and I dont think I would care if there was.I dont think therell ever be anyone with my particular immigrant story, of my own lack of connection to either my original culture or my adopted one, and if there was, why would I care Its not my sto...Theres a guy in my living community that Ive liked all semester and he makes me wish that the world of dating and relationships wasnt so new to me.The 046 TAs writing pi minutes left on the final exam time board made my day. Maybe not everything about this class is terrible.Wow tinder in Seattle is so much sadder than tinder in Boston I now realize how much I took it for granted Dont Walk, RUN AWAY FROM THE KOCH BIO LABS I joined a lab in Koch this semester and its literally hell. They disregard MIT policy and Im expected to work over 17 hrs every week because thats how it works here, and that Im easily replaceable if I dont share the same dedication towards science and follow the rules. I cant tell my post doc that I need time off to work on school work because he works over 60 hrs every week and expects me to do the same. In fact, the lab culture here is that theres NO work life balance. I really wanted to make this work because I like the project and I want to get a recommendation letter for my future internships, but Ive finally came to the conclusion that Im just so done with this lab and it was not worth it. It is a toxic environment, and I hope no one goes through the same experience.To everyone who wishes they went to Stanford be grateful for a city like Boston. Ive been home for a almost a week now, and Palo Alto really is the most boring, expensive, overrated city of all time. Theres maybe 2 bars, and a dozen of restaurants for Silicon Valley people really tryna attempt to pretend theyre in Portland. So glad I didnt end up at Stanford, Palo Alto life is miserable.Ok MIT fraternities, lets band together. No Wellesley thotties in our partiesTheres nothing better than watching Bob Ross paint after stressful finalsIm basically in love with this Frat boy, but he rejected me a while back. Since then, weve become friends and talk a lot more often and I sometimes try to be a little flirty and I think hes responding well. But I am trying to take things very slow and see where they go. Its just frustrating. I am just gonna switch to dorm boisRight now Im crying because of how grateful I am for the friends Ive made here.I love being at home with my family for winter break, but I miss my partner so much Im so lucky to be so loved. 31st semester has taught me that the best coke isnt in the dining hallcan i buy weed with tech cash asking for a friendIm sexually active, but this 8.333 exam fucked me harder than any boy ever has.This is a super sober shoutout to my roommate, confessions sweetheart Richard Yip. Youre a great roommate, and I think you and Kelsey are super cute Keep it up youOkay so every time I get a static shock literally anywhere in my room, my computer wakes up from sleep. Can any EE folks explain Otries to enjoy first days at home while checking WebSIS every 10 minutesShoutout to the 6.006 staff this semester, you guys were great Im going to miss the puns. Although the class wasnt my best and it was a struggle at times you all were so helpful and caring throughout the semester.Hot take Some Asian women fetishize white men as much as some white men fetishize Asian women.My boyfriend was explaining something to me and I was asking him questions about it. He didnt know the answer to one of my questions, so I tried turning it into a discussion of us both figuring it out instead of him talking at me, but he just got frustrated and dropped it. Later he brought it up and was like You dont act like you appreciate when I explain things to you. Like instead of just asking me more and more questions, I dont get why you dont act more appreciative that I explained a thing to you Like, sorry I think of us as equals and want to have conversations with you instead of you playing professor all the time and expecting me to worship you for it...fuck 5.13.1. How can you have set cutoffs and just wreck everyone on the final like that 2. Why is the course eval due after the final from hell 3. Make us think that the final would be reasonable by having somewhat decent midterms....Trying to respond in a humble and nonchalant manner when the dude you went to high school with, who is now your supermarket cashier, asks what youve been up to and where you go to school now.Cleaning dried cum out of a brass rat...Ok so this might be a longshot but Im gonna try anyway During orientation back in August, there was some presentation at Kresge and I was sitting on my phone and you sat next to me. After a few seconds I was like do u know when this is gonna start and then we started talking but never exchanged contact info or anything. I think you said ur name was Hannah but I couldnt find u online or anything. I wanna be your frienddddddd so hmu if u see this lolwhoevers alarm kept buzzing during the 004 quiz wtf my dude im saltyTo the people who failed classes I have taken classes over again, and usually I did a lot better the second time around. In one case I did better the third time around, but lets not talk about that... nevertheless, taking a class a second time when stuff looks kind of familiar feels easier, just dont get caught in the trap of skipping it because youve seen it before. Ive done that and then had to go to office hours a lot because I done fucked up. Yeah, I had seen...I am an international student that does not really use social media that much and I sometimes find it hard to understand you people from the US. I have noticed that many people write sentences and CaPItaLize some of the LeTteRS. Initially I thought there was some pattern to this maybe the capitalized letters spell a word or an acronym but so far I have always been unable to see it. Please help me, what does ThIS MeaNSo question Im really angry at a bystander of bullying that was done to my friend, but she doesnt have a grudge or feel anyway towards that person. Do I even have the right to be angry The bystander was in a position of power to stop this from happening if they chose to intervene.confession that the constant commenter squad agrees with Commenters wow so proud of you for sharing this message. Youre a real hero.confession they disagree with Commenters Lol you fucking coward, clearly your opinion is wrong because you dont have the balls to say it when youre not anonymous2.001 really put a twist in my pantsSo did the tumblr apocalypse happen or not There was so much talk about it before the 17th, but then nothing happened. All of the NSFW blogs I follow still have all of their old content, and many of them keep posting new content. Im confused, why does this postapocalyptic tumblr look exactly the same as the preapocalyptic tumblrIf you are a double major, do you get two diplomasI asked if the final was mandatory 10 minutes after it started then fell back asleep with 2 other freshmen so thats 3 zeros on a final yall upperclassmen should thank us forA girl accidentally fell asleep two tables in front of me during the 18.02 final, and once I noticed we had 50 min left, I started stress out for her. It looked like she was only halfway done, and I found myself rushing through my own so I could tap her shoulder and wake her up on my way to the front. At about 40 min left, she woke up. Cant do me like that  I was lowkey freaking out  Anyway, hope it went well for everyone Now get off this page and enjoy your holidaysWill someone give Colton Stearns and Thomas Nelson the cutest couple award already. Like come on.mit needs its own subtle curry dating pageIf everyone thinks 2.003 was that bad and, tbh, I REALLY agree with you, then do you think Alberto hasnt posted our grades yet because hes sitting in his office crying softly over our stupidity He tried so hard to make us learn, lmaoPSA THE WALLS IN MOST DORMS ARE THIN AKA YES YOUR NEIGHBORS CAN HEAR YOU POUND also sometimes when people have sex it sounds like an actual porno. do people really say things like call me your little whore to each other while having sexIm anxious about going home. Around here Im an average Joe, but at home Im praised by friends and family as a supergenius god. This was great back in high school when I was a cocky shit who liked the attention. But now that MIT has destroyed my selfesteem that kind of attention just makes me feel like a phony and reminds me of how inadequate I feel.Also, can someone tell me why we hold intelligence and education in such high regard My friend from high school had...Is it weird to still peruse this page and post confessions once you are an alumAsking for a friend.Frosh do worse so theres a better curve, I need to pass plsss.Im hyper intelligent so Ima get a 102 fuck your lazy upperclassmen ass.Its the same tired shit every semester. Stfu and take your finals, nobody gives a damn.I am not an MIT student, but I have a topic that I wont to hear about from academic students and I think I do not have the courage to discuss in a circuit out of my close friends. So, I thought about speaking anonymously. ... To have a hint of my background, I am a biology student, molecular biology specifically. Back in high school I had unlimited trust in science, which is why I was a evolution theory pro, I do not want to say I believed in evolution because I thi...hey 19083 Ive been there youre not alone, heres some unsolicited advice It might happen again, if it does try and take time out for yourself. Do a couple of different things you enjoy, see if one of them sticks force yourself to eat something tasty like chocolate, try journaling, go for a walk and keep walking until you feel better, try doing one of your hobbies. I give you permission to let everything else slide until you feel better. I recommend Melatonin to help you fall asleep its over the counter. And, strongly consider giving MIT Mental health a visit over IAP or next semester, talk about it.When I go home for holidays, Im always happy to be back, but seem to have forgotten what I did at home during high school. Like what did I do for fun Nothing apparently. Genuinely curious here, but how many ppl have cavities I have a couple but was under the impression this was pretty standard I made a form to collect data  please fill out httpsgoo.glforms8ul9QieU11BJIBba2MIT students sexual behavior was recently cited by a popular psychiatric blog to support the argument that more intelligent and successful individuals pursue slow life strategiesBy the age of 19, 80 of US males and 75 of women have lost their virginity, and 87 of college students have had sex. But this number appears to be much lower at elite i.e. more intelligent colleges. According to the article published 2001 in the MITWellesley magazine Counterpoint...i actually hate most people in rotcCan somebody please explain to me why some here hate Wellesley so much Ive seen some of you comment on every single Wellesley post with a negative attitude, why Please leave the stabbing jokes aside, because Im looking for a serious answer. Why shouldnt we be happy to be interacting with a very different group of people with different skill sets Arent we here to build bridges and make friends and does it matter if they happen to not go here I really dont see the point of shitting on Wellesley when having their students in our classes really doesnt take away from our learning or affect us in negative ways. Do some people honestly believe they are lesser people for going to a liberal arts school and taking advantage of the opportunities MIT has to offer Honest answers, please.Replace the copy tech on the stud with a decent Thai place, thats all.Am I making a mistake, or is it literally impossible to major in 20 if you decide to do so by freshman spring without having taken your chemistry GIR 20.110 is only offered in the fall wtf so if I havent enrolled in chemistry by freshman spring, I cant take 20.110 in sophomore year. But it must be taken by sophomore year in order to graduate in time. Whos idea was it to make it available in the fall exclusivelyI keep seeing this one girl who wears these incredible red bell bottoms and heels and cool scarves and studies really late at night. She always looks kinda pissed and done and has headphones in though so I dont wanna try anything. I just wanna say girl get some sleep, and also you can step on my balls with those loud clicky heels anytime please stop leaving people on unread, no matter if its a friend, a lover, etc. its the most annoying thing ever because they get excited for your response and then you dont even acknowledge them. and they get mixed signals as to whether or not you care about them. and plus, even reading gives you a chance to keep in contact with them and remain friends. take a second to scroll through your chats, find who youve left on unread, and read it, even if you dont respondBad idea in next years 6.034 or 6.036 final exam, students have to write an AI to solve exam problems, and the regular exam problems will be used as training data, with more hidden problems to test the AI. The final grade is determined by the AIs performance. corollary students must correctly solve the regular problems first, otherwise the AI is going to be buggyNot to get involved in this stupid back and forth about Wellesley its obviously a great school, but most STEM grad programs care WAY more about rec letters related to research. Its extremely common for students from even top liberal arts colleges to have to do 12 post bac years at a major research institution before starting a PhD. Im sure there are plenty of reasons to prefer Wellesley over MIT, but there are ample opportunities to get to know professors here, and many of those opportunities relate more directly to research. So I think its pretty outlandish to say that MIT students struggle to get rec letters. And yes, this includes course 6, even if you spend every summer at a company.I wish people would stop complaining about the bio GIR. As if its just some nuisance that youre above taking. I used to hate myself for liking bio because it seemed like everyone thought it was a dumb science for people who cant do physics or math. But I really love it and Im sad that Ive internalized so much shame about it.Its past 2am, you have a final at 9 am.looks at the mirrorWhy are you like thisI just failed 8.01 and I feel alone and stupid. I think other freshman are still probably uncomfortable sharing but can upperclassmen who have gone through this say something I want to know that this happens and that everything will be okayWhere my tamil men at UnfIm so ready for sophomore fall because Ill finally be able to take 3.091 with grossman and everything will be right in the worldAre Catholic priests born predators, or do priests have predatordom thrust upon themWe wont be posting tonight, we will probably post tomorrow. Enjoying some time off. Congrats on finishing finalsHonestly idc about Wellesley vs. MIT but why are there so many Wellesley people reading MIT confessions Should I be reading other colleges confessions Am I missing outThat 14.01 LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO10 years from now, nobody will care what school you went to, what awards you won, etc. People will care if youre a kind and interesting person ... someone who they want to spend time with. Life is only as meaningful as the people you get to share it with. So get off your high horse and lets just be nice people okayTo my incredibly awesome bf How do you always manage to surprise me All the new references we manage to conjure up Naming animals that turn out to be mighty gods Kisses that make me just want to pause time Showing up to a bazillion performances to support me Reminding me constantly of my ticklishness And always, always making my life a little brighter in unexpected ways. Cant thank you enough 3What was the best album of 2018Are there 3d printers that I can use on campus Other than the copytech since they seem to be unresponsiveThe fire alarm went off at the wrong class. It was supposed to be in 20.110 today, not 5.12 All this Boston college not just Boston College, but all the colleges in or around Boston infighting has closed our eyes against the real opponentsCaltech.6.006 is the best class. unlike other intro course 6 class, instructors dont hide stuff from the students. They actually test your general understanding of the material. TAs also know their stuff.18.600 really dicking me down with that test. Cmon bruh, lemme count some things not do whatever the hell that was.How do you know if youre bisexual or bicurious Ive only ever dated guys but I recently found myself fantasizing about kissing my girl best friend.I think Connor Chung is unironically cute I think Ive seen his friends tag him in those forever alone posts, but it never registered. Oh well, the final is tomorrow and Ill never see that goof again.We did shots with Novartis employees at a Harvard bar and ended up so fuckedI left every exam early this semester except the Putnamcome on yall we all know we are not, by virtue of going to MIT at least, better than any of the schools in the area whether that is Wellesley, Harv, BC or BU. r we really going to act like we dont all have friends or family that we KNOW are qualified to come to MIT but didnt get inadmissions is literally a game of chance once youre above a certain threshold of academic excellence and its physically impossible for MIT to offer everyone who is qualified a spot....DKE smells like Post Malone The boys at Chi PhiKudos to whoever posted that the professor is daddy on Piazza for him to seeI blackout the night of my GIR final and still get that A just to flex on upperclassmen wHo NeEd MoRe CuRvE tO pAsSNgl I was kinda annoyed when Maseeh 4 started singing Christmas carols to my floor but then I saw this tall beautiful girl singing and it made everything okay. Maseeh 4, who is sheHey, I have a question. My professor is probably highretireddead, and I seriously doubt hes going to even give us grades. The fuck happens thenim an MIT student and i WISH i went to wellesley my fellow desis your only REAL asian friend is the person who added you to subtle asian traitsaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Im gonna do so bad tomorrow even though I need less than 5 to pass but I also kinda feel bad for barely studying yikeslowkeystressedfornoreason frosh but at least Im bringing the average down lolif professors make such a big deal about grades for classes without finals being due yesterday, why do I still not have my gradesTheory Harvard is insinuating all of this Wellesley drama in order for us to forget that they existHonestly, I hope I get hit by a car on my way to my final tomorrow so I can OX the fuckin classall these finals confessions but no one out here talking about how the 5.13 final fucked me harder than any man at this schoolA great thing about MIT is that theres lots of virgins here, so the shame, guilt, and judgement we get for being virgins is less severe compared to what wed get at other schools so thats cool I guess.Omg its actually happening Didnt expect this to happen until I was 40 at least but I feel myself becoming more conservative not idiotic, mind you the more extreme the left gets.Radical leftist politics is dominating MIT and nobody is saying anything about it cause theyre afraid their reputation will be ruined. Even if you disagree to the slightest degree with the radical leftist ideology youll be called a sexist, racist, transphobic, homophobic, Islamophobic etc... Whats even more funny is that social justice warriors think theyre morally superior than everyone else and are purifying the western society from its patriarchal, systematically racist roots. Thats what absolute narcissism is. Its a shame that we focus on all types of diversity EXCEPT for intellectual diversity and fall for ideological conformity, a big shame.Please. A moment of silence for 6.004, 6.006 and 6.046 students tomorrrow. They need it.non course 6okay, so im not an MIT student almost was, until i decided last minute to go to a west coast school but im a boston native, and every time i come back home for break, i think about what my life would have been like had i committed to MIT, and i think a lot about cuffing an MIT boy so we can settle down together on the cold, freezing, albeit AMAZING, east coast When you been called fat your entire life but the moment you lose 10 pounds in college your toxic fam be out there with pitchforks and an XXL bowl of ricedoes anyone know what does s means on mit websisHey. Why is it every time every time you open your mouth I fucking want to vomitYes, you. Have a fucking happy holidays because not having to fucking listen to you talk is the best fucking Christmas present I could get.TLDR happy holidaysAs final grades start coming, I just wanna remind everyone that it is totally valid to feel upset for not getting the grade that you wantedexpected. At the same time though, its not the end of the world and having a few academic failures wont make you less worthy as a person and ultimately wont matter a few years later looking back, no matter what your current goals are.Started having casual sex with a friend of mine and since then hes been treating me differently.... I cant tell if Im imagining it or not because he says nothings wrong but Ive been really hurt about it. I cant even talk to my friends about it either bc I really want to keep this a secret. What hurts me the most to be honest is the thought that he only acted like he was my friend in the first place bc he wanted sex from me... ,All I want for Christmas is You, me, a bunch of snacks, mi cobijita azul, y una pelicula. No se, think about it 3Ever since I had the pleasure of adding a second rubber duck to my shelf a few days ago, Ive decided that I shall start collecting rubber ducks of all shapes, sizes, ages, colors, and races. From now on, every opportunity that I get to acquire a new duck will be seized to its full potential. EOMIm a course 6 Junior and it fucking annoys me how every other course 6 are like MACHUNE LURNING UGHHUGHAHAHU like damn. I know thats the trend but it bothers me how much money is going towards it compared to other disciplines of comp sci or even other fieldsIm literally screaming when I see that P for 8.01 I think Im happier than the moment I knew Im accepted into MIT.so i was browsing facebook and came across alyssa and andy covering a song and can i just say WHERE HAS THIS KIND OF MUSIC BEEN IN MY LIFE LIKE THIS IS SO GOOD i didnt know they can sing like that in all the time i knew themsomeone link that shit here confession needs this hot fireSUGGESTIONS FOR LOW WORK HASSS WHERE I CAN GET AN A NOT CIHOnly at MIT could Richard Stallman be involved in a conversation about building an igloo for shits and giggles over IAP.albert in adt, how many bobas would it take for you to dance bboom bboom with me insteadCan we take a moment to appreciate how AMAZING Judy Wang is Jiajing, more like JUDGING how FLAWLESS she is That girl does it all 3I like how we all just got fucked by 6.003 and 2.003 at the same time so now nobody can tell which 003 is being referenced when people talk about being fucked by 003.The 18.600 final exam was at least 3x harder than the practice ones we gotI wish the deadline for course evaluations was after final exams because the 18.600 final exam deserves to be evaluated negativelyJonathan Kelner has to chill with his examsDO NOT take 6.031, 6.046 and 6.036 in the same semester. I repeat. DO NOT take 6.031, 6.046 and 6.036 in the same semester. This has been a public service announcement.This semester taught me that even after 7 semesters of learning from mistakes and really taking back my GPA from crappy early semesters, getting accepted to grad school, and doing really great research, allowing bad habits to reign and not being responsible for even one class can do a lot of damage. Im thankful MIT still humbles me as a senior, especially because this is a time when one can think they are invincible for making it this far. No doubt next semester will be a defining one in my academic career, and now Im going into it with motivation to overcome rather than with a sense of entitlement. In short, IHTFP.Isabelle Phinney, I have a crush on you. I have a giant terrible schoolgirl crush on you and Ive had it since the first time I met you during REX of freshman year. Youre beautiful and youre brilliant and whenever you walk in a room I blush and my stomach starts to hurt. Im not sure if you even know who I am, but now at least you know you have a secret admirerI feel like I go through phases of doubting everything in my life, from my frat choice to my girlfriend to even choosing MIT, but I know that I also have phases where I love everything about each. Is this normalI love the part of the semester where only my HASS grade has come out and I can pretend I have a 5.0Skullhouse More like Skullhome amiriteEmersonAs a woman, I am just as often excluded from informal female networks as I am from male ones. Women seem to have just as many excuses to not talk to me even before they know me.So yeah, your argument does not work.This MIT vs Wellesley argument is bullshit.How can you claim MIT is empirically better Has it occurred to you that different people might value different things from the college experience Wellesley is one of the top liberal arts schools in the country, and it fosters a type of community I havent seen anywhere else. Maybe that seems inferior in your scienceengineering bubble, but if you look outside youll see there are many paths to success and fulfillment.Regar...I pretty much had a mental breakdown last night. I was dissociating really badly.... nothing felt real and I was randomly laughing hysterically or crying even though I didnt feel sad. I almost called the Dean on Call. But even in that mental state I was too scared of maybe getting hospitalized and having to pay a huge bill... or my parents being informed.I kinda regret not calling now because its 5 am and I havent slept and I have a final in less than 4 hours But nothing feels real...The thing that annoyed me about 2.009 peer reviews is that to reward one person who did well, I essentially had to give someone else a lower score to imply that they did badly. Thats such a flawed system. Even if one person was some sort of deity of engineering, doesnt mean everyone else wasnt doing a good job on their other, perhaps less flashy, tasks.18998 First, dont call us girls, its infantilizing. Were adults, just like you. Students or people is appropriate, and also genderneutral were a college of genderminorities. Second, WOW. Not everyones priority in life is making money, you know And obviously Wellesley isnt the tech school in the country, but we are the liberal arts college I went here because I wanted a broader education than what a tech school would offer me So, Ive taken lo...Unpopular opinion I love final exams. They make me feel calm.Those posts asking others not to do too well on exams are dumb and childish. It is your own learning and nobody owes you a good grade. Do you come to MIT for a prestigious education or is it just because the school is named MIfuckingT What is the point of an A B, or C if you actually have no idea on the subject, do you think that can help you learn further, get a job, or go to grad school Think again. Hope you can get over this high school mentality soon.Just got my first D as an MIT Junior and at this point Im not even feeling anything about it since its been such a rough semester, but feel like Ill worry and panic about it later. But oh well its fine, now I just have to change my planned path of classes and MEng because apparently I dont know the basic concepts of what I wanted to do19003 What a troll. The stabbing happened over 11 years ago. No way you are actually a friend of the impacted party and still read MIT confessions.In the abbreviation for standard  std. which d does the d stand for Is it STandarD or STanDardWhy are we picking on Wellesley when obviously the real enemy is HarvardDoes the fuckin wifi ever work hereHow the fuck do all these classes get away with not fixing grade cutoffs until they can see the distribution if MIT claims not to curveI could study for 6.003 for 2 weeks straight and still get a Cplease stop leaving people on read, no matter if its a friend, a lover, etc. its the most annoying thing ever because they get excited that you might respond and then you dont. and they get mixed signals as to whether or not you like them. and plus, responding gives you a chance to keep in contact with them and remain friends. take a second to scroll through your chats, find who youve left on read, and shoot them a response, even if its just briefDear McC, I am very much content with the current settings of the heaters and temperature. Try sleeping only wearing a bra and youll be content too. Sincerely yours, A cool McC residentHAPPY BIRTHDAY, DINA everyone whos been blessed to meet youYou can do anything with a hass major Sandwich artist, barista, or even Uber driver... the possibilities are endlessYD such wholesome ty for checking if I okies and curiosity a good I just have no energy for proper engrish no moreThat moment when you sell out to 15 but still get shit grades I love u U love me We all got fucked by double oh threeI spent more time on this stupid page than I did on orgo. Fuck.Yeeet yeet yeet I may have fucked up all my technicals but at least I got an A in my hassThat moment when an A is one standard deviation above the mean but one standard deviation above the mean is not even within the possible range of scores.To my peeps at Facebook, Linkedin, and other social media andor network companies please convince your goddamn PMs to reintroduce dislikes for posts. This likeonly internet is driving me and the world crazy. Googles the only one left that has its shit together.... but if YouTube starts using a likeonly system itll be the end.Has anyone failed a class before Im pretty sure Im going to get an F in 6.046. I know I can just work harder and bring my GPA back up, but Im not sure whathow to feel right nowYou know you have real friends when they come back from the city to spend time with you as soon as they discover youre lonely and bored because everyone is going home I appreciate my friends so much and I hope they know I love them 3So much of the institutional sciences are built on pure sexism. Studying biology the portrayal of pedigrees is blatantly misogynistic. Having females be shown as circles while males are square is a plain and simple display of patriarchal dominance in the sciences. The insinuation that women are soft with no edges while men are sturdy square structures is incredibly offensive to me, and almost everyone Ive talked to about this. If this doesnt bother you, then youre part of the problem and are probably a sexist yourself.The semester is almost officially over and I think it is important that we show appreciation to those that helped us through it. If you want to anonymously show your appreciation to someone, feel free to fill out the form and responses will be posted towards the start of next week. httpsgoo.glforms9ma53D79JKGLjpQ22I love finals week Its like all of MIT is hanging out late together at the stud.If you dont send nudes to your fraternity Snapchat group, you are doing it wrongMatt is the LOVE OF MY LIFE wow what a blessing to all of humanity. His 2.001 knowledge is so thiccccc it makes me drool AND HIS TIRED EYES ARE SO ENCHANTING and his personality has the perfect amount of i dont give a shitWhen he draws his free body diagrams he makes me want to apply a TORQUE and a BENDING moment somewhere else if you know what I mean...  He makes my trusses buckle and my one desire is for him to get me to my YIELDING point  I promise were so COMPATIBLE. What a bae, what a TAGrave of the Fireflies is such a beautiful film. Really makes me wish I could connect better with people. Unfortunately MIT has made me antisocial. IHTFP.Tag your roommates for getting you through thick and thin this semester I miss my summer intern friends Anyone watch Run with the Wind Where yall at My boi prince straight fire shooting for To whoever poured their noodle soup into the water fountain on the 5th floor of the stud. I hope that you shit yourself during your next final.chi phi seniors please dont leave you are all so hotPSA to all grad studentsnonundergrad TAsMIT students dont get any benefits from s or the opposite from s. If you give someone a B for trying, you might as well just give them a B, because theyre going to get a 4.0 anyway and they wont have that nagging What if I just got one more point internal dialogue.A lot of faculty members will give Bs as a way of passive aggression a way of saying You did A work, but I didnt like youdidnt think you worked ...tfw you could really kill something right now but youre also extremely vegetarian. WATCH OUT, BUGSI have a crush on both Pedro lantigua and Jay Lang. Theyre so hotonce again what the LiTeRaL fUcK was 2.003is xfinity on campus not working anymore or is this just because I had enough with MITs bs housing and moved offTo all the frosh who are passing right now Please dont ace the exams this week. Im not asking you to fail, but maybe just get like Cs on the finals That would help everyone who doesnt have eternal PNR out a lotThis is just crazy. I heard that my friend managed to get a threesome with her boyfriend and another guy. WELL tbh I am highkey jealous. It is something I always wanted to do but my boyfriend would never let happen. I just want to try being dirty and having two peens on my face at once. I would be totally okay to return the favor with a threesome involving another girl Am I horrible for wanting that experience so badlyI dont care that youre getting an A in 6.009 and your other stupid subjects, and telling everyone the world over about it. In your case, the As stand for ASSHOLE.yeetI am sooo done with this semester I cant take anymore finals theres still one left. I just want someone to hug me and tell me they love me even if I fail my classes I kinda think the only reason I have a 5.0 after 2.5 years here is because I dont take hard classesThe only thing 18.03 taught me was how to memorizeI get the sense that Im not a very approachable person. I start the vast majority of the conversations I have. Very few people are willing to share memes, cool ideas, or have debates with me. Especially for debatesI think I have started every debate Ive participated in. It doesnt seem as if people particularly dislike talking to me or hanging out with me, its just that...no one wants it. Ever.It feels like most other people have some kind of secret hidden langua...My friend wants me to call him daddy. I dont know what this means...I see it right now. 5 Bs on my transcript. I smell it. It smells like dark chocolate and chicken tenders.admissions should add a question on the application that says, does your SO go to MIT already bc relationships are important and also...it would relieve a lot of my stress rn. in all seriousness, im just one emotionally drained gf whos upset about a certain EA deferralThe kid sitting behind me in Barker came in, worked for about 5 minutes, then fell asleep. Hes been moaning for like 10 minutes and I wish we all got to where he is. Good luck to everyone this finals week, but especially good luck to that manWhats up with the 18.06 final lol, 15 of the class got 98100Boston Daytime on break when you need it, on time when you dontSome guys are so dumb. They dont get the message even when its so obvious and just start spamming you. One guy recently messaged me on facebook, whatapp, texted me, called me, and even emailed me. And this guy tries to talk to me every time he sees me. It is overall extremely uncomfortable, annoying, and makes me angry.My girlfriend left me because I masticate too much It pisses me off when I see MIT research get butchered and cherrypicked for clicks on news articlesMIT taught me pain MIT taught me pain MIT taught me painWanna fuck MIT confession admin.TFFFFF I thought grades were not supposed to have s F outta here with that Awhat happens if i fail a drug test for a security clearance do I lose my offer right awayIs Meng PhD a valid path for course 6 Im a junior interested in a PhD, but I dont feel like I have enough background to jump right in to applying for a PhD and get in. I feel like an MEng might be good for extra time and experience. ThoughtsIs there anyone interested in guys doing crossdressing cosplay and wont judge me for it I have a hobby and I want people to share this hobby with.i wish i was smartWTF brain, the night before a final is NOT an appropriate time to have a long, elaborate, comfy dream about domestic life with an ex from four years agolmao that 5.112 final was so bad I couldnt help but laugh histerically afterwards even though I was crying insideCan anybody more educated than me give their perspective on the Title IX changes I read through the summary but I dont really understand the implications.Do the bottled Starbucks drinks need to pop so loudly when I open them Now everyone in the room knows Im basicI want to be the P of your PNR I AM FINALY DONE WITH...How do you know when you have failed a class Do you get an email Do you check on stellarthank you for always having your door open, i never feel like i have to hide what im feeling around you. you make it easy to come to you when i need help, even if thats just quietly working in your room for a few hours just to be around someone else. youve introduced me to the things that keep me anchored here and though i try i can never thank you enoughJust gave up an ASE. Is light load petition for 2018 fall term still available now Or will there be an academic warning if the total units registered is lower than 36MIT Confessions should have kept the Jumpstart confessions up and deleteddisabled comments. Those confessions were a legitimate review of the company and their employees shouldnt be silencing criticism. that undergrad TA who claims Wellesley kids are great people who actually want to learn at OH yadda yadda and we should talk to one or work with oneThe last time I tried that, she treated me as if my introducing myself and trying to make conversation were creeping on her. Another time, with someone differentshe was nice when she needed me to explain something to her, because she thought I had a PSet answer she didnt. Was immediately frigid right after. So much f...MIT students are the biggest flakes ever. Change my mind.Saw the head of math department giving some high school kid a tour of the math department. Probably a case of MIT giving preference to the wealthy.how do I get more involved with the MIT outing club I really like hiking and stuff but have never really seen the opportunity to go on trips with themmy worst day this year was nowhere near as bad as a regular day of course 3 sophomore fallHey Luis Trueba, Im a friend of the student who was attacked during the incident you comment about on most confessions related to Wellesley. I was hoping you would consider stopping  not out of some moral obligation or social justice reason or anything, just out of studenttostudent kindness since it makes me and some others who know him that Ive spoken to really sad and uncomfortable to see that incident used so lightly and brought into every conversation about Wellesley. Also its not that I purposely open the comment sections or go looking, your comments just show up on my feed. I really hope youll consider this request out of kindness, good luck with finals I wish MIT would let me donate all my dining swipes instead of just 8 I still have more than 60 leftFuck, where is my sad boi playlist, i need my empathetic tunes and lyrics to wallow and cry together withPraying that it will suddenly start to snow 12 inches and finals will get cancelled on Thursday14.04 should be renamed to Townsends adventures in Thailand. Why the fuck did Townsend assign 20 different Townsend et al. papers, all of which can be on an examTo the confession from some Wellesleydont know how to spell this school girl who claims that her school is as good as MIT and that some people get into both and choose Welleseley, you are wrong. If anyone can provide evidence that they got into both with comparable financial aid and made the laughable decision to ruin their future prospects, provide your venmo and Ill contribute to your sad cause.Sorry for being dick, but Im getting really sick of these posts fr...6.003 was such a yikes, at least its over.Fuck 6.036Fuck 6.036Fuck 6.036Fuck 6.036Fuck 6.036Fuck 6.036Fuck 6.036Fuck 6.036Fuck 6.036Fuck 6.036Fuck 6.036Fuck 6.036Fuck 6.036Fuck 6.036Fuck 6.036Fuck 6.036Fuck 6.036Fuck 6.036Fuck 6.036Fuck 6.036It is snowing 35.07 cutoffs please SomeoneTag every African you know with great hair.Done with finals. I just watched memes on youtube for 6 hours straight.Pretty sure Im gonna wake up to my alarm for my 9 am final tomorrow, think who fucking cares and go back to sleepLately I been, I been losing sleep Dreaming about the things that we could be But baby I been, I been prayin hard Said no more counting dollars Well be counting stars...MIT students like to circlejerk about how hard everything is. Look, I get it. People struggle for very legitimate reasons depression or coming from a really bad school, but its way overblown. MIT has gotten easier every decade and although MIT students brag about how theres no grade inflation everyone knows thats a lie. MIT is only considered hard because almost everyone does technical fields. We all know that being an engineer at MIT is no harder than being an engineer at Berkeley, UCLA, or dare I say Harvard. The my life is so hard circle jerk only heightens the sense of desperation that people who are truly, legitimately struggling feel. You got a C in a class, youre not failing. Grow up.Srinivasan Raghuraman is one of the most motherly men who ever existed. I know he will not rest until he mothers every last one of us 7 billion people on this planet. He is the mother we need but not the one we deserve.Dr. Kaebling from 036 sounds so weird at normal speed compared to double speed. How does she talk so slowlyDont you hate it when you go through chemE but end up in chemistry grad school anyway Could have just skipped the middle man Looking for fwb so I can complete my MIT 101 Places To Do It Before You Graduate bucket list. any good location ideas serious inquiries to mitbucketlisthotmail.comHow do you unsubscribe from the techs mailing lists Ive been on them and just filtering for a year and a half now after midway and I never actually was super interested but I want to get myself off of them entirely pls send helpWhy is there no I agree with this answer button on PiazzaI wanted my UROP professor to write me a recommendation later for a gradauate school. However, rencently I gave him a bad impression of me due to my careless mistakes. How can you let a professor write me the letterAny advicesalbert go is so incredibly smart EOMhi someone took the whiteboard out of our wall. pls returnSUBMISSIONS Submit Confessions httpssubmit.crush.ninjadurfessCOMPLAINTS If theres something you dont like  please give us a message. Durfess is a community and we strive to make sure that stuff causing upset gets removed ASAP. Reporting the content just makes our personal Facebook accounts harder to use  and we cant improve our posting guidelines without your feedbackWhy are my parents the heaviest drinkers I knowSo Im normally a boxers kinda guy. Like the loose feeling. I got some briefs for Christmas and I have no idea how people can enjoy this restrictive underwear. Thats your public service announcement.Not feeling in the right headspace for a degree right now but if i stop now would i have to start it all over again later Anyone got any experience of intermitting halfway through a yearIt sucks that my boobs are at their peak boobage right now but I wont go to Klute for another 2 weeks stillSaw someone screw this up completely on Oxfess so thought Id amend their ignorance Kanye albums ranked, worst to bestIve been in a relationship since this time in my first year and Im now in year four. This is the happiest Ive ever been. I feel like we are made for each other, I feel completed and I love them and I cant imagine my life without them. They make me so happy. I want to have their babies and raise a family and Im so excited. But theyre also the only person I have ever dated, kissed, or slept with. Its not for religious reasons or anything like that, I just ne...Watching Arsenal get absolutely demolished by Liverpool  getting a 1st for my law degree  food  sexCMVWhy do posh boys on nights out in Durham dress like the backstreet boys in 1996Honestly university has given me so many New Years resolutions, I need to sort my shit out big timeNot to perpetuate the stereotype but Ive come back to Norfolk for christmas and in less than a month Ive already shagged a relativeFinally some journalism I can get behindMy housemate is SUCH an attention seeker, and runs around the mixed gender house in underwear while staring at me, willing me to say something so they can call me a prude. In retaliation, I pretend this is the most normal thing in the world, like every other FUCKING WEIRD thing I have to nonchalantly witness in this WACKY HOUSEAngels came on during my family Christmas Day party and I tried to get everyone to jump in together but they just didnt understand  I miss DurhamAnyone else not picked a diss title yetSaw an ad for tiktok, decided to download it and now Im addicted. Please help.How the heck did I just figure out  after 19 years on Gods earth that WINNIE THE POOH IS A GIRLWhy does everyone think Im gayMr brightside just played on the radio at a family gathering and I had to resist the urge to jump on the table.Why is it that platonically cuddling good looking people of the opposite sex feels so much better than cuddling unattractive peoplethose of same sex Surely it shouldnt matter as the person is just there acting as a body to cuddle Or does it follow that no cuddles are in fact platonic Or that Im just unusually shallow as a human beingEvery time I get change, I think Ooh Klute entry.I hate my flatmate They keep trying to steal my man and I hate it Stop it The worst part is it might actually workWhen you think about it, Hill College students are basically just Warwick Students.Just wanted to say how proud I am of everyone who told their crushes they liked them. It takes guts and even if it doesnt work out, you did something great for yourself. You go gal 3The first day of term is so dangerous, everyone is excited to see each other and everybody is stocked up with alcohol.I was having sex with my boyfriend this afternoon after a night of excessive debauchery. Naturally I was exhausted but was riding him and it was some good ass sex if I do say so myself, but as I was about to orgasm I peed on him. I realised pretty swiftly and it wasnt much so I kept on going  at which point he was losing his mind about how wet I was and came pretty soon after. I didnt have the heart to tell him, just suggested we take a shower soonish afterwards. Thank the lord a bitch is always hydrated and doesnt have smelly peeIs it just me who feels I have to be really careful who I add on fb for the sake of reputation Especially when it comes to notorious sharks. Because what happens if people think Im basic and have slept with HH or JP Yikes. Yeah Ill just stick to not adding them...Ive had dreams about two guys in my college and Ive been avoiding both of them because I dont know what to do about itHonestly dont get why people warm up baked beans, they are far superior straight from the canLets remember how that ended.I actually think that Trevs making students move rooms is a really good thing. Its a fair enough system that can get hectic on the day but whatever. The main issue with it, however, is you spend first term sleeping with people in your year who dont live near you  and then you risk moving closer to them. Such funHonestly who has more resignations at this point, the Mays cabinet or stevos JCRShoutout to all those friends who act as your own personal welfare officers whenever you just need someone to listen. You guys are always appreciated and deserve ALL the love in the world 3And to those who are going through their own struggles, pay their kindness forward and help others if and when you can. No one should ever feel that theyre completely alone.what did one edgy Durham spanish student say to the otherfleece navidadEvery boy Ive met who studies anthropology is either gay, autistic or insanely attractive.Im stuck between my fuck buddy and bestie. Details Fuck buddy heart react  Im head over heels, good shag, good chat, Mum said pworrr after seeing his photos, is potentially down for me but Ive been avoiding the emotions conversation, on my kinky vibe...I have personally experienced this, and have heard that a lot about youngsters give up on relationships just because it didnt work out with their first partner, conclude that the whole of the opposite sex is shit and then they make themselves feel better by getting a new partner and treating them like shit, which is their idea of revenge on their ex who probably doesnt even care about them anymore.It really bothers me that a lot of these people are aspiring researchers and I genuinely hope that they do not conclude their research only the basis of a single data point.We mustnt let them win this.In light of the recent Doxbridge scandalOne term in and I have already accidentally pulled two people on my corridor. But based on several reports this doesnt seem to be that unusual an occurence among freshers. So Durfess, I ask you...is there anyone who has got with more This isnt an ego trip, just very interested to see if anyone has managed it 3, 4, 5 Or perhaps the pinnacle of liversin excellence the corridor Full Monty. I beg for submissions detailing numbers, and give all us fresh something to aim forI understand that Spring Weeks are highly competitive, but being rejected from 10 so far 2 on Christmas Day when I actually have industry experience is frustrating. Perhaps I am not diverse enoughNever knew one could watch too much Harry Potter but I have. I called medicine potions today.The truthA family member describing Grey why bother going to Durham if youre basically ending up at Warwick anywayBeing friends with benefits with someone in my friends group without everyone knowing has honestly created some of the most entertaining situations of my lifeAs an experienced 4th year it does always seem to me that Grey College has easily the fittest freshers in Durham every yearSorry Collingwood, its quality not quantityMad how shaving can take a boy from a solid 1110 to a 34. Keep the beards plsFortnite society whos inSo heres a story from last term that I think everyone will enjoy.Towards the end of the term, my friend was kind of in a thing with this hockey lad disaster right there, am I right who she met on tinder but seemed nice enough. Didnt seem like anything to worry about. Well....YES I HEAR YOU CLEM FANDANGOIve just realised that my dissertation is due the same day that were going to leave the EU. Safe to say, neither of these deadlines will be met.Vote for the best club nightLike  Wiff Waff Mondays...I dont know how to casually slip into conversation that I have a horse without my friends calling me a massive Tory The truthHonestly the worst thing you can do is ignore someones messages and continuously leave them on read. If you do t have time to chat, just say so, or if you dont want to then give an excuse. Dont leave people waiting for you to speak to them and wondering what theyve done or said that is wrong, its cruel and tbh hurts more than an honest answer.Snakes dont hiss, they refuse to click your huge fish help request instead.Absolute bargain from Amazon. Can finally see the cathedral without the white hat on before I graduate.What base is getting invited to your girlfriends family Christmas gatheringAnyone on the mainland is a northernerLove, the Isle of Wight and Portsmouth I guessI fucking love Surrey.Who else fancies James AcasterHate on anthropology all you like but guess who youll come crawling back to when you cant figure out why people are refusing to take your medicines hint its bc they have their own medicines and youre too ethnocentric to realise this and work with the local community without just calling their ideas stupidGet me back to uni. Last week after a night out and afters on 0 sleep had to drive home at 8.30 mandied off my tits to help with my mums church nativity. Little did I know I would have to be involved. Turns out they had no one to play Joseph thus I was forced into the role. Sat by the alter in a church in front of a group of old people and children with the world still buzzing and trying my hardest not to gurn was an experience to say the least. Cant wait to be back in Durham where I can party in peace.I paid my way into Cambridge but based on Durfess alone, I wish Id just accepted the place at DurhamCan someone from JoBo please explain whats wrong with the name JoBo and why they want to be called ButlerBest nightclub Klute  Like Jimmys  Love ...Ever since my mate started going bald hes become a bellend. Is this a common trait among bald guys Need to know whether to spend the next three years of my life with himThe furthest someone has come to removing my underwear this term was removing it from the washing machine...I copy posts from Oxfess and post them on Camfess and vice versa to convince each of Oxbridge that the other is unoriginal, that way they tear each other down and the glory of Durham will rise. Fuck Doxbridge, were too good for them.Now that Im social sec of two sports clubs, Im planning my complete takeover. Soon Ill rule over the social side of every sports club in my college MwahahahahaFor the record tea does not make a good mixer for vodkaChocolate boxes rankedHi Steven This is Clem Fandango can you hear meI heard theres a punting boating society in the works. I dream of the day when we achieve rowing supremacy and celebrate by ramming Cambridge in the University boat race. Doxbridge will rise once againanyone else get slightly turned on reading through your final draft of an essay you actually put some effort intoIm a guy that lives with only girls and I have to say I love it. I spend the day with my boys and come home to a spotlessly clean house thats always well decorated, eat food they have made, and have a mental shower using their fancy body shop and lush shampoos. Theyre also all very attractive 810s.If you aint got AirPods Im leaving you in 2018To remind myself of what being a uni feels like, I shoved my fingers in a pot of hummus and ate it alone in the kitchen at 2am.Guys, how do you feel about a girl sending you the first message on tinder Asking for a friend.Love reacc hot...Want to see my Pog collection .... 100 of the time it works 25 of the time.I cant be the only one with friends that have delusions of grandeur about being a BNOCDurham Colleges as Christmas SongLet it snow, let it Jo, let it Bo...Controversial opinion, but Roses are better than Quality Streets, Heroes or CelbrationsAt least once a week I search my initials in tindur and I am always disappointed.What do you do when you like someone in a relationship This isnt the easier type of thing where their partner is completely wrong for them. In fact they are probably in happier and healthier relationship than I would have with them. It doesnt stop it hurting though even after seeing them together for a fair amount of time. A lost an lonely 2nd year.I am a straight man but 4 female friends assumed I was gay when they first met me. Please could someone teach me how to dance without looking campI dont go out a lot and when I do I cant ever seem to stay out beyond midnight. Any advice for how to party until closing and beyondThe only friends Ive made so far at Durham are the absolute sweethearts who keep sending me friend requests from Jaipur. What would I do without youRemember Ladies The bigger the feet. The jucier the meat. XNot realising how good Durfess is until you see the quality of LeedsFess.Settle a debateLike Christmas Dinner between 123pmNow dont get me wrong, bow ties are sexy as fuck, but good god when I see a guy in a college tie I just picture dragging him into bed with itLiking someones Facebook post counts as flirting, rightAll I can think about when relatives give me money for Christmas is how many pints of Jaipur itll buyAll I want is to just have many babies with Jack EdwardsWhy do Australians say going for a feed before eating Is that a normal thing for Australians Are there even normal Australians or are they all swearing, incomprehensible bogans Help.Anyone else low key in love with a one night stand but think they probably dont even remember youTinder needs a setting so you dont have to match with people from south of the river when in LondonFrembly remembly If youre sad your friends want you to reach out. You will not ruin their holidays. You are loved.Durfess, please help resolve some house drama of which is the superior hob ringTake a minute to think of anyone spending Christmas alone, sick, burdened or unhappy. Merry Christmas to those guys who really deserve it xSo a phrase that gets thrown a lot around in regard to mental health is it gets better. Now its important that everyone out there suffering realises that this isnt exactly true.The truth is it never gets better, but you get stronger not that suffering makes you weak. The world and all the things are always going to be there its what you do in response to them that will make you. The days where you feel like laying in bed all day arent going to be solved...One of my favourite hobbies is tagging geologists in durfesses about geographers and watching them blow up.My first Durfess was posted the other day. Id never made it that far before. Id never seen my own writing coupled with that glorious insignia. I swear, I thought I was quite amusing before I came here but apparently the selection process for this page is harder than some interview I did onceAs a scientist I can confirm that saying Jack Edwards 3 times in front of a mirror does NOT make him any more likely to appear. Its been one disappointing eveningWho on earth is Jack Edwardsit scares me that people do a whole degree here and never set foot in klutei know theyre Christmassy but I really love satsumas so much. I discovered this last term and I ate a satsuma any time possible so much I think I got my fill of vitamin C for the next millennium, but I will not stop eating satsumas and will only increase the amount consumed next term When your housemate has that really messy Tinder date who youre trying to ghost aroundTurning up to Christmas Day Mass in my DU stash just to flex on Jesus .I cant be the only one who takes a look at their poo through their legs with an iPhone torchWore my Law School tee out Christmas shopping to give me a sense of superiority over the muggles I miss barrier socControversial opinion Mince pies, like suet puddings, should be eaten upside down.Im in my first relationship and I cant stop thinking about ending it. Its been over a year, they love me and I love them but Ive cheated which they know about and it was just a kiss and now I keep fantasising about another guy. My parents keeps pushing me to travel and do my own thing and to experience life for myself. I love spending time with them and we have so many friends in common. I dont want to break their heart but I think I need to be single ... its going to be hardI get embaressed saying where im from cos its a fucking party island in Greece take a guess so i just go with Athens all the time pls help eliminate this stigmaWish there was a version of first dates for successful tindurs.I have never felt any greater kinship with another human being than today, when I saw someone in town wearing DU stash who was also panic shoppingInternational student who hasnt been home in almost a year and a half. I miss this cuddle muffin The Polar Express is the best Christmas film ever and I will fight anyone who disagreesControversial opinion Mr Brightside is an absolutely shite song and everyone just jumps on the bandwagon for no reasona thought this Christmas...is Jack Edwards writing Durfesss about himself for attentionTwas the night before Terms End, when all through the bar, Not a creature was stirring  the silence bizarre The stockings were hung over JBs with care,...Spending Xmas with the boyfriend and his family and I have no idea what is going on. Jewish girlI wore my DU stash to do some Christmas shopping today and felt completely unappreciated. No one stared, no one cowered to look at what sport I do a real one. I expect to get more use out of this than just in Durham.Blades of Glory is objectively a Christmas film and its the best of the lot.Feel like pure shit, all I want is a Friday Night KluteThe words Xmas and crimbo can go into room 101Whats the best DU sport.... React to voteNever really believed the hype about the UK and spice until I met a Brit who claimed their toothpaste was too spicyUhhh when u think your completely over it but then your initials match a tindur ffswhenever couples whove been together since they were like 16 post photos together on fb or insta I always think to myself I hope they split I dont actually want them to split up but I think the drama would be amazingShout out to the people who really struggle mentally with all the extra thinking time holidays provide and all the pressure to be enjoying yourself at Christmas. Shout out to the internationals who dont have access to support in the language they are comfortable conversing in. Reach out to someone if you feel you can, and try and be kind to yourself. Im sending us all strength.Seeing as you can get a BSC in Anthropology, does that make me a STEM student98 convinced that Jack Edwards doesnt actually exist. Hes an urban myth.To all the Brits in Durham that meet an American PLEASE try to be more original. Yall really think youre being groundbreaking, asking us about Trump...knew your food was bland, but was really hoping your banter wasnt bland too Are American football players just second rate rugby players Like  yes Angry reacts  noI need to know the truth, and I require your help. Which is the superior garlic mayo Heart react for Lebaneat Wow react for Paddys ...You know youve reached a new low when you find yourself buying a pregnancy test in PoundlandNot sure if Im falling in love with my best friend or if Ive just never had anyone be this good of a friend before. an emotionally incompetent fresherBBCs Watership Down remake is one of the best television works of the year. If you disagree, fight me.I missed MS so much that the first thing I did when I came home was go straight there and buy a shit ton of Percy pigsDurham University colleges as Mr Men  Little Miss Collingwood  Mr Cool Grey  Mr Nobody...Do people still go to Wiff Waff Literally havent heard of anyone going there since freshersYou know youre british when some gingerbread men are too spicyWill youThe older I get the more I spiritually relate to the GrinchChocolate and cheese goes well together fight meas if that jack edwards lives in a private studio apartment but pretends to live in an actual student house to seem relatable on his channel I read fanfiction for new sex ideas because its more realistic and meaningful than porn.There have been a few durfess posts on feminism recently, and I thought Id add my own opinion to the mix.I feel like the feminist movement is moving further and further away from what its meant to be. Feminism is about EQUALITY. So it baffled me when I saw a post by a socalled feminist from this very university, claiming that for a woman to strive for equality with a man is nonsensical, because why would a woman want to equate themselves with the unintellige...Okay, so I want to kind of restart my Durham experience and meet brand new people. Im going into my fourth year and want to live with people Ive never met before to have an entirely new experience. Anyone got a spare room for 201920 From someone who didnt make the most of Freshers and still hasnt met friends for liiiifffeee. Anyone else feel like thisSounds about right..My crush I love a good sense of humour.Me trying to impress her You know, Im something of a joke myself.How the hell am I supposed to get my summative work done when Im allergic to my dads adorable kitten Does it say more about my housemates or my parents that Ive been kept awake by people having sex in the next room more since I came home than through the whole of last termMissing cooked lunch at college so much. Theres only so many sandwiches a man can eat before he does permanent damage to his soulWhy butler girls are worth the walk We have to walk long distances so were fit af Were good with our mouths since Josephine Butler college is quite a mouthful ...Walked through town this morning to see a massive pile of sick on Card Factorys doorstep and poor 50 odd year old woman having to climb through it. Im sure she has better things to do with her life than clean up your sick so can we all just keep that in mind next time were on the drink please...Note Submitted from GlasgowYes both men and women are sexually objectified. But it is women that ultimately suffer the consequences when it comes to sexual violence. Its posts such as the one by Players that are linked to derogatory attitudes that can lead to sexual assault. 1 in 5 women in England and Wales have been sexually assaulted compared to 1 in 25 men source crime survey for England and Wales. Its not necessarily a matter of being offended but, more a matter of ca...How does one complete their summative work when one has to go skiing. Bloody tough life.Im in an affair with 2 people who arent my girlfriend, and neither of them know about each. Im not sure how I ended up doing this, and Im not sure if I want to stop, but I feel like the guy is going to get hurt since were both each others first samesex partner. I also kinda want to leave my girlfriend and both partners completely alone, and start a relationship with someone else just for the simplicity.The unfourtunate case when your room is so unstrategically placed in the house that you hear your housemates banging not only upstairs, but also left , right and centre , whilst you listen to Christmas carols aloneSo the guy I have been seeing for 9 months came home very drunk from a night out this week, I was staying at his, he slid into bed and said he thinks he loves me in my ear. I mentioned it the next day, he tried to laugh it off and instead turned it back on me by saying he thinks I love him.He has mentioned the topic of Love a few times in the last month.If theres one thing Ive learnt from my time at Durham, its that boys are absolutely dumb.Double standards is when people angry reacy your huge fish game help requests and than you get popups saying that theyre now on fish and so on. Seems theyve taken the bait.Sitting on the tube in my glittery flares drinking an MS dark fruit. Never felt more Durham in my life and Im not even there x x xComes into a lecture 10 minutes late walks the longest route to the furthest seat from the door Weird flex but okayControversial opinion saying stupid woman is NOT misogynisticFuck...Talking about someone Ive had a 5 minute conversation with to my friend My BrainWhy do guys assume girls are only into games nerdy things to get male attention Getting real sick of being asked to verify my interests. Anyone else experienced thisI love it when my girlfriend calls me on her way home from work and documents all the cat encounters she has on the way homeHey guess what, Players probably doesnt care.Both men and women are sexually objectified and idealised. I welcome the day everyone can find power in sex and not get so caught up on what is offensive to the few who cant see the beauty in their own sex and desiresDo prawn cocktail crisps actually taste anything like a prawn cocktailDurham Colleges as DurfessTindur Posts Castle  Durham students are just Oxbridge students but  Collingwood  friend has been shagging a lecturer for  months...Please settle a debate Is Manchester in the northI need help, Huge fish is the only thing keeping me goingAm I the only one who really struggles with the I am not a Robot tests Is that tiny dot a traffic light Is the zebra crossing in that fraction of a box Who knowsChristmas music has now become the background to my dissertation reading... Thank you to the history department for ruining my Christmas for a second yearIm having serious withdrawal symptoms. Everywhere I look I see hexagons, I cant shake the beautiful shapes from my mind. The only thing I long for right now are the sweet hexagonal trevs wallsWhat the fuck is this marketing material. Players please sort this outSincerely,...Can we make Tweed Tuesdays a thing in DurhamDont get it when people who go to Durham tag their Durham friends in Oxfesses etc unprompted. Its not loyal at all and frankly its a bit sad, stop doing it please.Feel like pure shite just want college brunch backDoes the geography department here not understand what a holiday means Cheers for the 3 summatives.I cant stop thinking about ducks.Im having withdrawal symptoms from not seeing them everyday at vm. Last night I dreamed that I was in the giant vm duck costume, and the ducks accepts me as one of their own and I lived happily on the lake. It was beautifulAdvice needed  should you wear your signet ring during an internshipTyson Fury should have one Sports Personality of the year. What an incredible story and look at what hes done for mental health issues. Also he should have his belts backInspired by a recent Tindur and its response, Im looking to form a John Mayer appreciation society, DUJMAS. Whod be interestedIt is too true that half the friendships that Ive made so far at Uni would not have formed if there were no vines to bond over.Unpopular opinion crocs are stylishWhen youre chatting in the smoking area and they suddenly mention ergsWho knew Huge Fish could cause so much hostility Ive been kicked out of my subject group chat for simply sharing the link. Come on people, its Christmas, the season of sharing and caring. Please just help a fellow course mate out by getting me passed levelNipple piercings on guysAngry react for no, heart react for yes.If theres one thing Ive learnt from my time at Durham, its that girls are absolutely mentalRecently overheard someone say that Burger King chicken nuggets are too spicy. Sometimes I wonder if you Brits really are raised on nothing but unseasoned boiled potatoes.As a staunch Tory, I want to gauge the level of Tory love at this uni.Like react if youd sleep with a Tory, angry react if not.Before coming to Durham, I expected there to be plenty of boy nerds who were into Doctor Who, Sherlock, LOTR, Star Wars and so on... but Durham seems full of wannabe rich boys and actual rich boys with no personalities and the actual nerds are into Japanese anime.. wtf where are the Doctor Who fans out thereAn easy way to tell that I dont learn from my mistakes is how many times Ive been drenched washing a spoon.I dont actually think Durham should be allowed to set accomodation prices higher than the lower student loan, Im really struggling to pay it and my parents arent as willing as others to lend moneyBack home for less than a week and already my Mums critiquing my washing up technique as if I havent been doing it just fine by myself for the past 2 yearsAnyone else seen the new red statue thats appeared in Nevilles Cross this term What is itIve still never forgiven whoever wrote that Durfess saying thered be a yugioh tournament on top of the mound then didnt show up.Tag two friends who would platonically have sexThe best part about being home is that no one can say lets go to Jimmys anymoreI have not played Red Dead Redemption in about 5 days and i am facing serious withdrawal symptoms. what do i do need serious help since i am not returning home for another 3 days  and have constantly been checking trees for bill stacks and cocaine gum.a sad third year missing Arthur MorganFirst day back in Kent and all I want to do is go back north where everything isnt caked in hard water deposits.Unpopular opinion, BUT, drones DO belong in Gatwick, change my mindDurham Colleges as Friends caracters Castle  Ross Collingwood  Rachel...Anyone looking for a drone as a gift this Christmas Ive got one Im willing to part with for free. Only flown it once. Collection only from Gatwick area.Can I tell you a secret You dont have to be in a relationship. I mean it. I know they force it down your throat until you choke on it. Girls arent pretty unless theyre wanted. Boys arent men unless theyre having sex with someone. People arent lovable until theyre dating someone.500 angry reacts and Ill no revision wing my final examsDear College Welfare.Look, I know you guys are not trained professionals, I know that you arent neccessarily even particularly aware of what you are doing, but your current campaigns strategy is a mess.Since I started DU Sport, 99 of my vocabulary revolves around the word gains, I need help.Reply toIn case any of you are as invested in this competition as I am, I thought I would give you an update. To maintain confidentiality, Im going to name the boys A, B, C, D, and E. So A had to drop out and change his because his girlfriend refused to sleep with him, or even come over and sleep in his bed, unless he did. Enraged by the mockinggloating from B towards A regarding his loss, A forcibly removed Bs boxers and thus removing him from t...wtf is a library boyfriend and how do I become oneI know I shouldnt be, but Im actually sorta proud that I made it the entire term without doing any laundry. Mummy did it for me when I got home.If my heart doesnt skip a beat when I interact with this person but they are clearly in love with me, should I still date themIts been a strange few days at home so far. In my free time between essays I have been keeping a close eye on the local pigeons. There are more of them than normal and they have started to accumulate in groups. This is rare in the countryside as they usually stick in 2s or 3s. Over 100 flew over my house in a swarm please post collective noun for pigeon below. Theyre definitely up to something, and I shall remain vigilant.P.s I read that new 5G internet mak...You all know who you are...Two of my housemates are together but one of them got off with someone else... What do I doPlease reach out to anyone you think may be having a hard time or struggling over the holidays. Doesnt matter if theyre your best friend or someone youve only spoken to once before, a simple message from anyone could mean so much or help someone feel just that little bit less alone which could make a lot of difference. xxxGirls putting a minimum height requirement in Tindur is equivalent to a boy putting a minimum cup size requirement...I can see people are confused. Here is a definitive list of how to refer to the colleges of Durham University.Daddy C...Hey guys i am selling my palatinalps ticket with luxury room and diamond level ski hire.cant go because daddy is taking us to monoco on a spontaneous tripShould I warn my friends new girlfriend that he cant keep his snake in his pants Should I tell her how proud he is of his pulls when he isnt single Or should I sit and watch the World burn as I usually doDecisions, decisions, decisions...I really want to get over my ex after the way she treated me. Do you think dating someone else while youre still hurting is a good idea I find happiness in making other people happy.I am a chav. A chav and proud. I like to drink lambrini and stella. I like listening to shit 90s club music and take pills. I grew up on council estates fighting with my neighbours. But I didnt want to stick out like a sore thumb in Durham. So before getting here I had to buy a whole load of jeans so I wasnt walking round in trackies the whole time. The first time I wore a suit was matriculation. Ive even actively worked on softening my accent and not saying safe or sound or bruv so that people wont notice. However, I just got described as sort of posh and Ive never felt so revolted. What have I allowed myself to become Is sacrificing who I am to fit in with the toffs really worth itI love Durham for the simple fact everyone is so proud of where they came from..Even though everyone below York is still southernIm seriously considering ordering delivery from Pizza King on Just Eat all the way down south... they objectively have the best garlic bread in the countryGoing out at home and accidentally bumping into people from school has reminded me how much I fucking hated school and how much I love my Durham fam  I miss them so much xxI live almost entirely with guys and its awful, but plot twist Im a guy as wellUnpopular opinion Home Alone is overratedQuoting Peep Show is not a substitute for a personality.Fuck offHad to leave my cactus behind and Im honestly so worried about the little guy. Hang in there Dave.Controversial opinion Durfess is overrated